[MUSIC]
[SOUND] Does writing plain JavaScript
scare you, or
do you simply want to get a better grasp
of JavaScript?
Then this is the course for you.
We're going to use JavaScript to create a
to-do list application without any
third-party libraries like jQuery.
I'm Andrew, a JavaScript developer and
your guide to getting skilled up writing
pure JavaScript code.
JavaScript is becoming a general purpose
language, and it's used on
the server side with Node js, in
electronics with devices like the Tessel,
and in crossplatform smartphone app SDKs
like Titanium.
Browser based libraries, like jQuery, do a
lot of the heavy lifting for
common tasks in a cross browser compatible
way.
However, its ease of use can leave people
feeling
uncomfortable writing JavaScript alone.
We're going to do a handful of common
tasks that you could do easily with
jQuery but are just as nearly as easy to
write in pure JavaScript.
The aim of this course is to get you more
confident in your abilities writing
JavaScript code first in it's home in the
browser, so you can go out and
explore more possibilities.
If you're new to JavaScript,
you may want to checkout some of the other
JavaScript courses first.
They'll be linked in the teacher notes.